Conductive paper, sometimes called Teledeltos paper is produced by coating one surface of the paper with a thin layer of graphite paint. To investigate its electrical
properties, pieces of the paper can be joined to a conventional wired circuit using copper electrodes and bulldog clips.

It is known that the paper obeys Ohm's Law providing the current through it does not exceed 200 mA. The company that manufactures it estimates that under typical
laboratory conditions, the resistivity of the paint is between 1.0 x 10^-5 Ohm metres and 5.0 x 10^-5 Ohm metres.

Design an experiment that investigates some characteristic of the conductive paper.


The aim of the experiment would be to measure and calculate resistivity.
First, take an estimate for the thickness of the paint, which should be around 0.1mm. Multiply this by the width of the paper in order to generate a value for the cross
sectional area. Then, using a ruler, measure the length of the paper, from one electrode, to the other. Put a voltmeter around the paper, in order to measure the
potential difference between the electrodes. Add an ammeter to the circuit, on one side of the paper, in order to measure the current flowing through it. 

Then, alter the input voltage at the power supply, making it about 1 volt. Take a measurement of the voltage and the current, and record them in a table. Slowly
increase the voltage, in steps of 0.5 volts, taking a reading of both values at each step, until the voltage is 5 volts. After each reading however, you must break the
circuit, in order to allow the paint to cool down, to give better results. Take repeat readings, in order to calculate an average and increase result accuracy.

Once you have recorded your data, you can plot a graph of V against I, and the gradient will thus be V/I, or Resistance. Once you have plotted a line of best fit, and
measured the gradient of a long section of the graph, you can use the value in the equation Resistivity = RA / L, along with the values of A and L measured earlier.

4/8
Notes for improvement:
	Voltmeter across paper, not around
	Ammeter in series in circuit
	Specify Control Variable
 	MAKE SURE TO CHECK EACH POINT IN THE HINT AND TICK THE OFF AS COMPLETE
